Glaze just dropped and I need you to see
this. This is a brand new AI tool from
Raycast and it does something nobody has
done before. You chat with it. It builds
you a real desktop app just like that.
Not a web app, not a template. A real
native app that runs on your computer.
No code, no developers, no waiting. You
type what you want, hit enter, your app
is ready. I tested it myself. Built real
tools for my business in minutes. This
is not a drill. This is actually
happening right now. The wait list is
open. Early access is live. And trust
me, you want to be first. By the end of
this video, you'll know exactly what
Glaze is, how it works, and how to start
using it today. Let's go. Hey, if we
haven't met already, I'm the digital
avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO
agency Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you drop one
below and let me know what you think.
Today we're talking about Glaze. This
just launched in March 2026 and the tech
world is already buzzing. Reddit is
going crazy. The press is covering it.
And honestly, the hype is deserved
because Glaze is something genuinely
new, not another chatbot, not another
rapper, something that actually changes
how software gets built. So, let me
break it down for you. Simple, fast, and
practical. Glaze is a new AI platform
from Raycast. If you don't know Raycast,
they're already one of the most popular
productivity tools out there, especially
for Mac users, trusted by thousands of
people in tech. Now, they've built Glaze
on top of that foundation, and it's a
completely different product. Glaze lets
you create fully native desktop
applications just by chatting with AI.
You describe the app you want in plain
English. Glaze builds it, you use it
like any other piece of software on your
computer. We're not talking about
websites. We're not talking about
browser based tools that half work and
crash your laptop. We're talking about
real desktop apps with file access,
keyboard shortcuts, menu bars,
background processes, the full package.
And you don't touch a single line of
code to make any of it happen. That's
the core idea. And once you really let
that sink in, it's kind of a big
genuinely simple. That's what makes it
exciting. You open glaze, you type what
you want. Think of it like texting a
friend, but that friend can code
anything in minutes. The AI reads your
prompt, understands what you need, and
builds the whole app. Files, UI,
buttons, menus, system integrations, all
of it gets generated automatically. No
terminal, no syntax errors, no Stack
Overflow rabbit holes at midnight, just
plain English. And a real app on the
other side. Here's an example prompt I
used built around something practical
for the AI profit boardroom, our AI
automation community. I typed, "Build me
a desktop app that tracks all our AI
profit boardroom community members,
shows who joined recently, flags who's
been most active, and gives me a daily
summary so I can personally follow up
and keep engagement high." Hit enter.
Within minutes, I had a working desktop
app that does exactly that. Built for
our exact workflow, not a generic CRM,
not a template I had to bend and twist
to work. A custom tool built for us in
minutes. That's what changes when you
use Glaze. You stop trying to make
existing tools fit your needs. You just
build the exact tool you need. Quick
stop here because if you're watching
this and thinking, I want to use tools
like Glaze to actually automate and grow
my business. Then you need to be inside
the AI profit boardroom. That's our
private community. We break down the
best AI tools, automation workflows and
strategies every single week. Real use
cases, practical stuff built for people
who want to work smarter and grow faster
using AI tools like Glaze. Workflows
that save you serious time. Strategies
you can plug in and use today. No fluff,
no theory, just the best stuff working
in the real world right now. Link is in
the description. Come check it out. Now,
let's keep going. Let me give you three
more examples. All real prompts, all
built around growing a community and
business like the AI profit boardroom.
First one, build a desktop app that
helps me plan weekly content for the AI
profit boardroom. It shows a 7-day
calendar, lets me save post ideas, and
reminds me 24 hours before I need to
publish. Now you have a custom content
planner built for your schedule, your
topics, your community. No generic app
that almost does what you need. Second,
build an app that stores AI automation
case studies. Each one has a title, the
tools used, the industry, and the
outcome. I can search by keyword and
filter by industry. Export to PDF. Now
you have a knowledge library for your
team. All your best AI examples in one
place, searchable, sharable. Third,
build a desktop app that tracks all the
questions asked inside the AI profit
boardroom this week. Categorize them by
topic. Show me which questions come up
most often so I can plan better content.
Now you have a community insights tool
built for free in minutes. Every single
one of those apps would take a developer
days to build. Glaze does it while you
grab a coffee. Here's something that
caught my attention. Glaze already has a
community store. People are building
apps and publishing them for other users
to download and use. Think of it like an
app store, but every single app was made
by a regular person using AI. Not a
company, not a development team, just
someone who had a problem typed a prompt
and built the solution. And now they're
sharing it with the world. This is going
to grow extremely fast because the more
people use Glaze, the more apps get
built, the more useful the whole
ecosystem becomes. That's a powerful
loop. If you get in early, you can start
building apps people actually need and
put your name on them in the store.
That's a real opportunity for anyone
building a brand in the AI space right
now. Glaze has a free tier. Paid plans
start around $20 a month. For what this
does, that's remarkable value. A single
custom app built by a real developer
could cost you thousands. Glaze builds
unlimited apps for a flat monthly fee.
Right now, it's in private beta. There's
a public wait list at glazeapp.com and
early access is already open to people
who sign up. This is the moment to get
in before it blows up, before everyone
is talking about it right now while it's
still new. Let me zoom out for a second
and give you the bigger picture. We're
in a moment where AI is moving from
assistant to builder. It's not just
helping you do tasks anymore. It's
building tools for you, custom ones that
fit your exact workflow. That's a major
shift. No code tools were a step in the
right direction, but they still gave you
templates and drag and drop boxes that
someone else designed. You were still
working inside their structure. Glaze is
different. You describe what you want
from scratch. The AI builds it from
scratch. You own it. You run it locally.
You publish it if you want. That's real
creative control. The folks who start
experimenting with this now, learning
what prompts work, what kinds of apps
are useful, how to build and share them,
those people are going to have a massive
head start. Three steps. Go to
glazeapp.com. Join the weight list.
Follow our glaze apps for updates when
access opens up. When you get in, start
small. Don't try to build something
complicated on day one. Pick one real
problem your business has. Something you
deal with every week. Describe it in
plain English. Let Glaze build it. Use
it. Then go bigger. That's how you learn
this fast. Start with something real.
Glaze is live. The wait list is open. Go
to glazeapp.com right now and get your
spot. And if you want to go deeper on AI
tools, automation workflows, and
strategies to grow your business, come
join the AI profit boardroom. We break
down tools like this every week with
real use cases and practical playbooks.
Link is in the description. And one more
thing, if you want the full process, the
SOPs, the templates, and 100 plus AI use
cases like the ones in this video, join
the AI success lab. It's our free AI
community with over 40,000 members all
using AI to build smarter and move
faster. You'll get all the notes from
this video in there, plus access to
everything else we've put together.
Links are in the comments and
description. Go grab it and I'll see you
in the next